Update electron version (#8)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-javascript-nodejs-desktop: README.md

## Contents

| File/folder                  | Description                                                  |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `AppCreationScripts/`        | Contains Powershell scripts for automating app registration. |
| `App/authProvider.js`        | Main authentication logic resides here.                      |
| `App/main.js`                | Application main process.                                    |
| `App/fetch.js`               | Axios HTTP client for calling endpoints with a bearer token. |
| `App/renderer.js`            | Renderer processes and UI methods.                           |
| `App/constants.js`           | Example user accounts in JSON .                              |
| `.CustomProtocolListener.js` | Register and unregister a custom typed protocol.             |
| `.UIManager.js`              | Environment variables of authentication parameters.          |
| `.preload.js`                | Give the Renderer process controlled access to some Node API.|

> | `.env`                       | Environment variables of authentication parameters.          |

Reviewer: Redirect URI needs to change from `msal://redirect` to `msal{appId}://auth` (which is also default on Portal desktop app registration) here in the README and elsewhere (.env etc.)

Author: This will break the quickstart sample. Let's figure out a solution and fix the issue in a separate branch.

Author: Updated!

### Register and Setup the application

#### Step 1: Register the application

1. Navigate to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) and select the **Azure AD** service.
1. Select the **App Registrations** blade on the left, then select **New registration**.
     * In the **Name** section, enter a meaningful application name that will be displayed to users of the app, for example `msal-node-desktop`.
     * In the **Supported account types** section, select **Accounts in any organizational directory and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com)**.
     * Select **Register** to create the application.
1. In the list of pages for the app, select **Authentication**.
1. Select **Add a platform**, select **Mobile and desktop applications**
1. In the **Redirect URIs** list, under **Suggested Redirect URIs for (mobile, desktop)** be sure to add `msal{YourAppId}://auth`.
1. Select **Configure**.

#### Step 2: Clone the repository  

Clone this repository `git clone https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-javascript-nodejs-desktop.git`

#### Step 3: Configure the Electron sample project

> 1. Open the [.env](.env) file and provide the required configuration values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [.env](.env) file and provide the required configuration values.
```

@salman90 Can you make sure you're checking in the .env file?

Reviewer: my bad, it's checked in

Author: replaced .env file with authConfig.js

    1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Application_Id_Here` with your app/client ID on Azure AD portal.
    1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Tenant_Info_Here` with your tenant ID on Azure AD portal.

>     1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Redirect_Uri_Here` with the default redirect uri generated by portal `msal{YourAppId}://auth`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Redirect_Uri_Here` with the default redirect URI generated by Azure portal app registration e.g. `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth`
```

Author: Updated
